README.md, before:

isodumper
=========

A tool for writing ISO images on a USB stick. It's a fork of usb-imagewriter.


Requirements
-------------

- coreutils
- pango
- polkit
- procps
- pygtk2.0-libglade
- python
- python-parted
- udisks
- xterm


License
--------

This software is distributed under the terms of the
[GNU Public License, v2](COPYING)


Authors
--------
- Papoteur, <papoteur@mageialinux-online.org>


Contributors
--------
- david.david, <david.david@mageialinux-online.org>


Translators
--------
- Papoteur, filorin - French
- Sergei Zivukov, AlexL, Fox909 - Russian
- Yuri Chornoivan - Ukrainian
- marja - Dutch
- motitos, Miguel Ortega - Spanish
- Marcello Anni, killer1987 - Italian
- Atilla ÖNTAŞ, tarakbumba - Turkish
- Filip Komar - Slovenian
- Kristoffer Grundström, Willard1975 - Swedish
- You-Cheng Hsieh - Chinese Taiwan
- Márcio Padula - Brazilian Portuguese
- Florin Cătălin RUSSEN - Romanian
- kiki.syahadat - Indonesian
- Daniel Napora, Tatsunoko - Polish
- taleon, Akien, latte, user7 - German
- Marek Laane - Estonian
- dtsiamasiotis, Dimitrios Glentadakis - Greek
- fri, jui - Czech
- Akien - Danish
- richardshaylo - English (United Kingdom)
- Manuela Silva - Portuguese

Commit message:

Clarify the license and credits of the icon

README.md, after:

isodumper
=========

A tool for writing ISO images on a USB stick. It's a fork of usb-imagewriter.


Requirements
-------------

- coreutils
- pango
- polkit
- procps
- pygtk2.0-libglade
- python
- python-parted
- udisks
- xterm


License
--------

This software is distributed under the terms of the
[GNU General Public License version 2 (GPLv2+)](COPYING.GPL).

The [isodumper icon](isodumper.svg) is licensed under the terms of the
[GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 (LGPLv2.1+)][COPYING.LGPL].
It is part of the Crystal Clear icon set by Everaldo Coelho.


Authors
--------
- Papoteur, <papoteur@mageialinux-online.org>


Contributors
--------
- david.david, <david.david@mageialinux-online.org>


Translators
--------
- Papoteur, filorin - French
- Sergei Zivukov, AlexL, Fox909 - Russian
- Yuri Chornoivan - Ukrainian
- marja - Dutch
- motitos, Miguel Ortega - Spanish
- Marcello Anni, killer1987 - Italian
- Atilla ÖNTAŞ, tarakbumba - Turkish
- Filip Komar - Slovenian
- Kristoffer Grundström, Willard1975 - Swedish
- You-Cheng Hsieh - Chinese Taiwan
- Márcio Padula - Brazilian Portuguese
- Florin Cătălin RUSSEN - Romanian
- kiki.syahadat - Indonesian
- Daniel Napora, Tatsunoko - Polish
- taleon, Akien, latte, user7 - German
- Marek Laane - Estonian
- dtsiamasiotis, Dimitrios Glentadakis - Greek
- fri, jui - Czech
- Akien - Danish
- richardshaylo - English (United Kingdom)
- Manuela Silva - Portuguese
